### Hi there 👋

My name is Adeel Khan. I am a Canadian but I think globally. I have been fortunate to live around the around the Lake Ontario region for 25 years (as of this year). Lots to be grateful for and I have been a big fan of the library system across the region from Day 01. I was born in Pakistan and so I have seen and felt life from different contrasts. I speak fluent English, Urdu and Hindi. I can understand a little bit of Punjabi. My dream is to be a great parent, have good friends around, have wonderful experences each day and to meet friendly aliens, exercise often and regularly, live and long and healthy life and help reduce suffering.

<!--
**genidma/genidma** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile. -->

- 🔭 One of my core philosophy is to leave a place slightly better vs how I experienced it. I am currently working on or interested in areas related to:  Outer Space Security, Peaceful, co-operative, safe, secure and sustainable development of Outer Space for all of life, Children's well-being, Affordable Housing, Veterans Well-being, Food security, Education (including ed-tech), peace gaming, human computer interaction (and soon human and ai interaction), steps to superintelligence and setting the initial conditions right, protection of the biosphere. Over the years, I have also been educating myself on the core/basics of AI safety and security. While I do not have a functional understanding of how vectors and/or the math behind the different AI systems work (across the two plus one schools. Historical and now connectionist and combination of the two). I do and have taken an interest since the year 2016 with what different agents/actors/change-makers in the wider AI Space have to say. My influences include Ray Kurzweil and I have just started listening to Hinton. I am agnostic and care about atheists and agnostic causes. But I also like to learn from specific sources like Neville Goddard.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning: Continue to learn from the books written by Steve Blank. In May of 2025, I want to learn how to use TinkerCAD properly.
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on: Areas that I have highlighted.
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with: Fundraising, team-building, setting the right culture and creating a great place to work.
- 💬 Ask me about: My fascination with Ants and insects in general, liberties/freedom/reason/basic research, personal development. Related to personal development, feel free to check out my model, titled 'Architectural Foundations for Enabling one's basics - A proposed, non-clinicians model.' https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZLAv3WT8q9p4eG98CxSYF8XbJ0a3W9Tj/view?pli=1 Overall, I consider myself a generalist who can go deeper and I know a little bit about different areas. I love Science and love listening to Scientists. I also like building models.
- 📫 How to reach me:
  - 10 min meeting (Please share agenda in advance): https://cal.com/singularityisnear/10min
  - Linkedin: https://ca.linkedin.com/in/adeelkhan1
  - YT: https://www.youtube.com/c/AdeelKhan1/videos (I do not check notifications on there)
  - Skype/Signal app/Whatsapp (Feel free to message me on Linkedin for contact info for Skype/Signal e.t.c)
  - Quora (Not exactly active on Quora or any other site at the moment): https://www.quora.com/profile/Adeel-Khan-3
  - 😄 Pronouns: They/Them
  - ⚡ Fun fact: I can imitate Geoffrey Hinton and Jurgen Schmidhuber's impressions
- Links to my projects:
  - Awake Universal Healthcare: https://auh.surge.sh/
  - Awake AeroSpace: https://asi.surge.sh/
  - Longer slide deck: https://1drv.ms/p/s!AmvYbf58fXpWjln9bT0wnQpVNQLH?e=ApJ31Z 
  - At some point a decision was made to make the very high level details specific to the work being undertaken. This includes probably 60% of the work effort undertaken, but not all for safety/privacy/security specific reasons. https://sharing.clickup.com/l/h/4-3461412-1/88677a3e84aec47
  - Shangrila-Veterans Healing Places: https://github.com/Shangrila-VHP/shangrila-vhp It looks like Shangrila-VHP is pivoting towards becoming a housing startup. If I can work with Veterans Affairs (worldwide) to have every single veteran and front-line staff under a roof that is safe in every way, then this alone would be a great service to humanity. Since all the projects work in combination with each other, we should be able to provide adequate housing for all of life, while at the same time, reversing the harmful impacts of anthropogenic changes. More recently, as of December of 2024, Shangrila-VHP is pivoting towards leveraging an investment-fund model. That is started and maintained by the residents. So that it is a loop that helps enable housing for those who need it now and in the future. Whereby the existing residents are moving towards increasingly better realities. There are updates on the wiki [link](https://github.com/Shangrila-VHP/shangrila-vhp/wiki) and this particular post here, that highlights this vision [Link](https://github.com/Shangrila-VHP/shangrila-vhp/issues/18)
  - On New Years eve, 2024, I launched Karma Conscience (dot org). With a state vision focused on the reality, that in life, 'we get what we give.' Over the years, I have also realized the importance of cultivating self-love and self-compassion. As these realms feed into helping an individual develop increasingly positive self-esteem. And as Jack Canfield's audio-books on tape (now MP3s) have taught me, self-esteem is really at the heart of all self-development. For me, I have been incredibly fortunate to learn just a little bit, about the history of reason and science. I am still very much a beginner in these areas. When I hear Deutsh talk about particular branches of Physics or Wolfram talking about their interest in the history of Science. I realize that I know almost nothing. So this makes me wonder, that the means through which we take in quality information (as not all bits are equal) is extremely limited. That brings up a lot of other very interesting and fascinating questions. For Karma Conscience, I envision online and in-person facilities, where we can enable discourse focused on promoting reason, science, history of science, humanism and helping the individuals empower themselves. These discussions would power friendships across communities around the world. There will also be engaging physical activities like Quests. You can think of Quests as mud-races meets hackathons. Since the site was just registered a couple of days ago, I am working on some issues. Like SSL (secure socket layer), the certificate that makes a website more secure to access on the browser. I purchased SSL for two years, but just working on configuring it at the moment and I have engaged support. Here is the link to the website. [https://karmaconscience.org/](https://karmaconscience.org/) If you are reading this, then I welcome input from you. Through my page here on Github, you can definitely find ways to get in touch with me. If the links are not working for some reason, then please do let me know! Once again, I am always down for a hot drink in and around the Toronto region (in Ontario, Canada). 
  - - Useful Links: A document that I started drafting, as of 08-2x-2024: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1f2nse0aJqtCqGxun77tzophlF5Qzw3Go8wno2EbgUE0/edit?usp=sharing
- As a non-scientist and current mathematical abilities at a developing level for Grade 8. The concept of wormhole physics seems very intriguing! I heard Demis Hassabis mention something similar on the DeepMind podcast (no affiliation with the individual or the organization). Seems weird to think that Space Time could be bent to the degree that enormous distances could be traversed in a fraction of the time that it would take light to travel across that distance. Around September of the year 2024, I looked up Einstein's Field Equations and as of right now, I do not have an understanding. Nor can I recall the logic that the symbols represent (even rudimentary) or even what the symbols are. I have heard that it takes another 4 or 5 years after an undergrad degree in the STEM field, to begin to understand relativity (special and general). I have some ideas on how we could at-least begin to wrap our mind around concepts. Primarily building atop the 'Feynman method' and borrowing from DeepWork via Cal Newport (plus other learnings over the years. See link to 'Architectural Foundations...' above). My abilities in Physics are developing (probably Grade 5 level). But I like thinking about Physics and there are possibly an infinite set of topics to think about and meditate on!

Cheers!
